updating based on QE review (#2443)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues.adoc

{product-title-short} observability does not display data from an ROKS cluster on some panels within built-in dashboards. This is because ROKS does not expose any API Server metrics from servers they manage. The following Grafana dashboards contain panels that do not support ROKS clusters: `Kubernetes/API server`, `Kubernetes/Compute Resources/Workload`, `Kubernetes/Compute Resources/Namespace(Workload)`

[#missing-etcd-data-roks]
=== There is no etcd data from ROKS cluster
//2.2.3:12114

> For ROKS clusters, {product-title-short} observability does not display data in the _etcd_ table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ROKS clusters, {product-title-short} observability does not display data in the _etcd_ panel of the dashboard.
```
